## 2. [Open Source and Repo Setup](2_set_up_repo/readme.md) Reflection

* Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person
* Describe what open source means
* What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia?
* Assess the importance of using licenses
* What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.


  In order to create a repository on Github, you must first create on account on www.github.com. After you do so, click on the green "New Repository" banner on the bottom right side of the page after you first log in. This will take you to a "Create a New Repository" page. This is where you set your basic template for your repository. On the tab under the Owner, select your username. You can input your desired repository name, but keep in mind that your repository address will be github.com/"Your User Name"/"Your Repository Name". What you type under the description tab is totally up to you. You can leave it empty if you need no description for the repository you are creating. Under the description panel, the two options: "public" and "private" sets your repository either public (meaning that other users may access your works in your repository) or private (which means you can select who accesses the repository) after you upgrade your account for $7 a month. Checking the "initialize this repository with a README" will let github do all the heavy lifting for initializing your local repository and creating a clone for you, so I advise that you do this. The "Add .gitignore" tab selects the languages that your repository ignores, so unless you want to ignore certain languages I suggest you select none. The "add a license" tab gives you a variety of selections of licenses for your works. MIT license is the most broadly used license among open-source works, so unless you have specific needs to attend, this license will probably suit you best. Now your work here is done, and by simply clicking on "Create Repository" button on the bottom of the page will create your repository.
  Now it's time for you to download the github app. Copying this address "windows.github.com" ("mac.github.com" for mac users) assuming you are using windows as your OS will take you to the download page. After you download the install file, simply run it and set all settings to default as already checked. Run the app, type in your username/password for github to log in, select your account under Github, and press the refresh button on the top of the window if you don't see your repository that you just created. After your repository shows up, hover your cursor over it and you will see a "clone" icon. Click this and your repository will be cloned to your PC. And that's it! You've created and cloned your repository to your local computer!
  
  Open-Source is:
  Sharing your work (primarily the source code of your work) with the public, allowing it to be freely modified and studied by anyone. People who access your source code may make improvements through customization of your work, and distribute it freely or with certain restrictions according to the license that comes with your work. Open source softwares have great potential for development, since the variations to these types of works are infinite, your software may become more stable and effective if it succeeds in recollecting valuable modifications. 
  
  The importance of licenses are closely related to open source works, since without a license, someone may take your work and get all your credit without any legal obligations or restrictions. Unless you want this to happen, providing a proper license will help you set boundaries on how others use your work. Some licenses are less retrictive than others, while others may bar users to distribute your work after modification.
  
  On the prior reflection, I was wondering how a developer would get credit for the work that he created after he makes it public. Going through this exercise helped me understand that there are a variety of licenses, each meeting certain needs of the developer. However, another question still arose while reading through the recommended articles. How on earth does open source softwares, such as firefox or ubuntu make profit? I did some googling and came to understand that these companies make money when their products are used commercially. While they freely distribute their products for personal users, they charge support and protection against legal issues that arise when companies use their projects. There are countless opportunities for these open source companies to make money, and the sources provided on the bottom of this page will direct you to an article written by people with better writing skills than mine. :)

Sources: http://www.technobuffalo.com/2010/01/01/how-does-the-mozilla-foundation-make-money/
         http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2013-08/13/mark-shuttleworth-canonical-ubuntu
